Document `DB_SQLITE_POOL_SIZE` (#2783)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/configuration/environment-variables/database.md

| Variable | Type  | Default  | Description |
| :------- | :---- | :------- | :---------- |

> | `DB_SQLITE_POOL_SIZE` | Number | `0` | Control whether to use SQLite in [WAL mode](https://www.sqlite.org/wal.html) or in rollback journal mode. A value of zero means n8n will open SQLite file in rollback journal mode, and a number higher than zero means n8n will use the WAL mode. WAL mode is much more performant and reliable than the rollback journal mode. The parameter also controls how many parallel SQLite read connections n8n should have. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DB_SQLITE_POOL_SIZE` | Number | `0` | Controls whether to open the SQLite file in [WAL mode](https://www.sqlite.org/wal.html) or [rollback journal mode](https://www.sqlite.org/lockingv3.html#rollback). Uses rollback journal mode when set to zero. When greater than zero, uses WAL mode with the value determining the number of parallel SQL read connections to configure. WAL mode is much more performant and reliable than the rollback journal mode. |
```
